the whole group is here the sinews were
just such good news
I mean the whole family is kind of
interested with her which is amazing
they're all surrounding all the cars and
everyone from the minute they're born
these females spend every day together
they live as long as humans and have
equally strong emotional bonds shuri's
family understands that something is
wrong
she's not looking good David
she looks like she's gonna fall down
she's definitely not doing that great
she's just falling down really yes
that's hot she's just going down
fishes
dr. D but she's just yeah she just went
down I think that she's just trying to
stay alive her baby
like any mother would but because of
that little one she's just finding it
very hard to let go
so like humans elephant
a little baby's trying to push her up
oh she's going oh my god know that they
have a sense of Oh mortality
but at least she's with her family she's
with her babies he's reaching out his
trunk and trying to hug his mother
I've got to stay here the problem is
that if for one reason or another that
baby leaves its mother side and we've
got absolutely no hope of finding it
tomorrow I just need to make sure Sabah
and David will keep an all-night vigil
for socket a and sharee
you